# SMS gateway

Very rough demo (this is a hack day) of an email to SMS gateway.

## Reason

This is a prototype of a service that would send users an SMS when they get an email.

The main reason for this is to help people who have just got online and don't have regular access to a computer.  

There are cases, particularly after the new Universal Credit System comes in to force, that will require people to be online and have an email address that receives emails related to their application.

To save these people either forgetting about their email address, or needlessly logging in to fine they have no email, this service will tell them when they need to, for example, visit their local library to read important emails about their Universal Credit application.

## Usage

Written in Python.

1. set up a virtual environment and `pip install requiremnts.txt` 
 
* make a file called `settings.py` in the same directory as `send.py` and add two variables; `account_sid` and `auth_token` from twilio.


send.py reads from stdin and sends an SMS to a number, using the twilio account defined in `settings.py`.

Use `cat test_mail.email | python send.py` for testing.

## Installation

A valid email string needs to be passes to `send.py`'s stdin.  In postfix this can be done by editing `/etc/alises` and adding something like the following:

    [alias]: [localuser], "|[path/to]/send.py"

With a valid postfix config, sending an email to [alias]@example.com will pipe the message to a script.  There are numerous places on the internet explaining this set up.